Oh Lord have mercy.
Lord have mercy on me.
Glory alone.
Lord, when I am calling.
Well, good evening, everybody.
Thank you for joining me.
I'm just going to go over a few things.
I wanted to get this out there because I feel in my spirit it's going to excel rapidly, and I just want to get on record some of the things that the Lord is saying so that you have a public record of it.
Where are we at?
I warned you of the things the Lord told me last night about a new Edward Snowden who will come on the scene.
A lot of you said, 'Hey, Brandon, did you know that Prophet Kim Clement gave the word about this years ago?
' I had no idea about this.
It gave me great comfort because when you're seeing these things, I'm just very raw.
I just give the word and walk away from it until after it's over and I go, 'Oh my goodness, this is very heavy.
' I want you, if my son has the word from Prophet Kim—he gave this word back on February 22nd, 2014—I want you to hear what the Lord told him and the similarities to the word that the Lord gave me.
I'll let you hear this before I get into what the Lord showed me because it gave me comfort.
I know this man hears the Lord, and he's very accurate.
Go ahead and show this.
I talked to Donné, too, tonight.
She went over it, and I said I want to know more about what your father saw.
We talked for quite a while on the phone.
Go ahead, son, and play this word that Kim gave.
'They will shout impeach, impeach, but this shall not happen.
' And then God says, 'Highly embarrassing moments when another Snowden arises, and people will become very afraid.
They'll say, "We have no protection.
"' And then God says, 'Am I impressed with your weapons of war?
Am I impressed with the strength of your men's legs?
I have said I will bring this nation to its knees.
' And God said, 'You have been humbled and yet some more, and then you shall hear the sounds of great victory.
' Amazing word.
Whenever I heard that playback and people were sending it—'Hey, Brandon, did you see this?
'—it brought comfort to me.
I want to go over what the Lord showed me.
When I was praying about this last night, I heard 'Edward Snowden.
A new Edward Snowden is coming.
A new exposing.
' If everybody goes back to that word, I heard that this would make the Epstein list look like a walk in the park for what would be revealed in the days ahead, for a great leak will come.
I saw file cabinets that had dates on every single one of them that went back decades.
They were gray file cabinets.
I know this is symbolic—I don't really believe there are file cabinets in the Vatican or any place like this—but I saw these file cabinets that had tons of yellow envelope files.
They were being stored in a file cabinet, and it went back clear into the '70s, back into the '50s.
There were records about misconduct that were being buried throughout the world.
I saw these yellow files in this gray file cabinet, and they were lying in the hall.
I could see these file cabinets in this vision as far as the eye could see.
All of a sudden, I saw a thick streak that came out of the Vatican and went into Europe.
But when it did, it was a firework, and it splintered off.
It splintered off, and each one of those lines went to a major church in Europe.
As it splintered off like sparks would, they went to little churches in each country.
I saw Notre-Dame and major churches—I don't know all the major Catholic churches in Europe—but I saw all these little churches.
There was some kind of something over the years—I'm not saying all at once—decades of time that were reported but buried.
Things were not talked about.
I saw it go to South America, Mexico, Canada, and America.
I saw it go all over the world, a trail, and I saw a face.
When I saw this face, the Lord said, 'This is a new Edward Snowden, a new voice, someone that will bring great embarrassment to politicians.
' I saw celebrities and major people of influence through a scandal that was covered up.
I don't know how or why it was connected to the Vatican, but I saw the Vatican and then Italy, and the Lord said, 'I'm bringing a great shaking to Italy.
' I saw Italy being split in half with a major earthquake.
How many times have I told you I keep seeing a volcano going off with snow on it?
I saw snow, volcanoes, and I saw Monaco.
I saw a major shaking.
The Lord said great trafficking takes place in this rich area, and a great shaking is coming to this area.
I told you all that the Lord said specifically that this has come up as a stench before His nose.
I saw feces, and He even called it a turd.
I saw the flies coming off this.
He said, 'It's a stench before Me.
' I saw an event that took place to an individual—there was great pain on the inside, and it was personal to the leaker.
There was pain, and there was an event that took place to this man.
The Lord said to me, 'He's held this for a long time, but he's praying for courage to expose darkness.
' I saw the prince's face again that was connected to all this—the prince that is no longer a prince.
I saw celebrities and other politicians.
As this firework was linked out to churches and to things that had been spoken about, either to a priest in confession or whatever—I don't know if the priest was involved—I'm not going to add to or take away from anything.
All I saw was that a new Edward Snowden was coming, and it would be leaked.
The government and people involved in this, he had records of it, and it was going to be broadcast, and great embarrassment was coming.
That's what the Lord said.
Pray for this individual that they'll have courage because their life would be in danger after they did this because they had incriminating evidence.
I thought it was interesting the Lord said the Epstein list would be a walk in the park.
All the scandal concerning this was nothing compared to what was about to come out.
I saw a crack in the dam—a massive dam—and there was a spew of water coming out of it.
The Lord said, 'The leak will begin to speak.
' That's how clear it was.
I saw a wound—a massive wound that was full of infection on a priest's side.
He was dressed in an outfit of holiness, like a preacher.
He had a massive wound on his side and he was trying to cover it up, but he could not because there was a stench coming from the infection.
As much as he tried to cover this wound up, there was a rotting in the flesh, and it was oozing out infection.
He said, 'They can smell it because you're no longer able to cover up the stench of the infection before Me.
' As anybody who has a massive wound on a battlefield, over time infection and an abscess set in.
When you get septic, it becomes so stinky that even animals know there's something wrong.
You can't cover up a wound like that.
I saw yellow infection; it was bloody, nasty, and huge—a massive wound on the side where the liver would be, down on the right-hand side.
I don't know if that's symbolic, because not everything the Lord gives me is type and shadow.
Is it symbolic?
It's something around the liver area, right underneath where the gallbladder would be.
There was an infection around the colon and stomach on the right-hand side of this individual.
I believe it's symbolic.
Why would the Lord not show me it was on the head, hand, leg, or anywhere else like the groin area?
It was the stomach, right by where the gallbladder and liver would be—where your filters are.
I thought that was interesting.
I saw this infection, and it was oozing.
They were trying to hide it with their clothes, their garment, or their priestly outfit.
They didn't want it to be shown.
I believe that was symbolic.
Next, the bat.
Thank you; I'm so glad to have you, buddy.
You help me so much.
Braden is my scribe; he keeps everything.
Thank God for you because I tried to put this on a shelf; this really bothered me.
I didn't want to remember any of this stuff; it really bothered me a lot.
After I finished this broadcast last night, I said this is heavy, and I'm giving this to the Lord.
I don't want to carry this because of what I saw happen to those little boys.
I saw a massive bat.
Braden's not keeping it in his memory; he writes it down.
So I want you all to know that when I'm telling you, he's describing it; he's not doing this from memory.
He's not holding it either.
This bat came out over Europe.
He was facing west, looking towards America from Europe.
He was looking towards Canada and this area.
He would have been about where Ukraine is, towards Russia, looking out toward the west, towards England and Spain.
He had his arms out—black arms with purple highlights in the webbing of the wings.
He had big black talons, but it was not a bat; it was a dragon.
The dragon's face went out like a point, with black sides and a purple streak—a lavender streak with white going down the front of its face.
The center of his chest had white and gray, the same colors as his face, with great black onyx around it.
He was being given strength by the acts of wickedness being done to those individuals.
It's not out of revenge; it's out of grief.
The Lord said this is not out of revenge; it's out of grief.
This person was grieving because of an act of sodomy.
Paper trail—great.
Don't ignore it; it's best to keep this open.
Those are things I was hearing.
Like I said, this was heavy.
Everything the Lord was showing me said great darkness would come.
This is concerning 2026—praying over this timeframe for an exposing and a cleaning of the church.
I talked to our pastor's wife, Pastor Candace, today on the phone.
I was saying that as Charismatics, when the Lord talks about revival in the church, he's not just talking about a group of individuals filled with the Spirit, tongue-talkers, or people expecting things like what our prophetic people—from Brother Hagin to Smith Wigglesworth to John G.
Lake—have prophesied as a major movement of God throughout the decades.
The Lord said to me, 'Brandon, you need to expand your tent.
You need to expand your thinking.
This is the body of Christ.
' The body of Christ is not just the Charismatic movement or Word of Faith; the body of Christ is the body of Christ.
He said, 'I'm bringing a move of God to all tribes and all tongues.
I'm cleansing the church.
' He said, 'If you go back to the Word, I'm cleansing the church, an awakening to bring the bride to my side.
A shifting and a cleansing are coming.
' That's why I said 1.
4 billion Catholics—there's only a small percentage of Charismatics.
Then you have the Baptists, Methodists, and all the other denominations—every tent.
The Lord said, 'I'm bringing a cleansing.
It will be all hands on deck for what's about to happen.
' One is not better than the other.
There's too much division.
The Lord said, 'I'm bringing the body of Christ together to function as one body.
' Whether you believe in the baptism of the Holy Ghost, divine healing, blessing and prosperity, or once saved always saved, he's bringing us together as one body.
But there is a cleansing of the house, for he said, 'My judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
' Brandon, I'm cleansing and cleaning up the church as a whole.
In 2026, 1 Corinthians 5:5 will be made manifest like you've never seen it before.
To whom much is given, much is required.
You might think, 'I have this great platform; God has given me all these church members.
I have a congregation of thousands that come every week; I'm the cat's meow.
' To whom much is given, much is required.
I have the finances; I can fund anything.
But he said he is cleaning the house of the girls, the gold, and the glory.
Many struggle with these things in hidden areas.
You're corrupt with your finances, looking at things on the internet, or cheating on your spouse, and you think it's okay.
You're having premarital sex as ministers, and the Lord said, 'I'm cleaning house.
' Then there are people who take all the glory.
God said, 'I'll share my glory with no one.
' Just like Lucifer tried to take it before he became Satan, saying, 'I'll exalt my throne above and become the Most High.
' God will not share his glory.
Many ministers have taken the glory or not done exactly what he told them to do with their platforms.
And to much is given, much is required.
And he said, "This is concerning TV stations.
This is concerning people in all areas of life: in ministry, pastor, prophet, teacher, evangelist, apostle, whatever.
" And the Lord said, "I'm cleaning house.
" And that's why I'm trying to bring this to you tonight, because of the urgency of the hour, because of what the Lord showed me about this word right here.
Do you have it ready?
Listen to this.
Alberta, Canada, trying to save the economy of Canada.
And every single sector of Canada was different; some were worse than others.
I believe the Toronto area was not as bad as Alberta was.
So I was seeing things in the spirit and the Lord was warning me there's a major economic disaster coming.
I saw him making alliances with Emmanuel Macron, the prime minister of Germany, and the king of England.
These major alliances were being made by war.
I saw the pope involved in this and the Lord showed me major things, major shifting.
And they were trying to—because Trump was on the out in the vision.
He was sitting in the Oval Office and they were trying to devise a plan of how to support Zelensky without the United States.
They weren't able to really think of how we can do this because of the superpower being out of this.
"How do we keep funding and doing this without the United States of America?
" And I could see Trump turning his back on these men, and he was looking over his shoulder at them like, "Are you paying attention that I'm not paying attention to you?
" Like you're ignoring somebody.
He was looking over his shoulder, but he had a scowl on his face, like he was being snarky, turning his back on them because they weren't doing what he wanted them to do, which was to de-escalate war.
He wants peace.
And that's whenever I saw—if you go back several more videos—I saw the Berlin Wall in Germany.
I saw half of Trump's face and I saw half of Ronald Reagan's face and I heard, "Bring down that wall, that Iron Curtain, of communism," things like that.
It was like a type and shadow as Trump was operating in this presidency of a Ronald Reagan.
And that's when I was seeing the Cold War.
I was seeing the darkness of Cuba.
And the Lord said, "Pay attention to Cuba.
" He keeps bringing up Cuba over and over again.
Even in this last video, I saw Cuba and it was highlighted again, but it was completely dark.
And the Lord said, "Pay attention to Cuba.
There's much darkness here.
" So, we see the prophetic words are starting to be just like the Lord told us they'd be.
The birthing pains are back-to-back.
It's happening right in front of us.
He's going to get involved.
So, this is July 6th of this last year, 2025.
I saw the Pope getting involved with Zelensky and influencing the decisions made concerning Ukraine and Russia.
And I said, "It's coming.
" That's what I'm trying to tell you.
It's coming.
It happened today, yesterday.
Do you have it?
Yes.
"Pope Leo meets Zelensky, calls for just and lasting peace in Ukraine.
" It's happening, what the Lord said was going to happen.
You see the pope start to get involved, but I said Zelensky is a puppet and they want war because Macron is trying to force the hand to bring war to bring forth the digital dollar.
But Trump will turn his back and try to pull out of this and not want to be a part of it.
And that's what the words are saying: it'll be a split.
And I saw Tomahawk missiles get involved, and this is when they poke the bear to the point of using that weapon in the woods, of what we've never seen before, like Kim saw.
And this is what Donnie was bringing up before, for a weapon that has never been used before.
And Kim said it's hot.
He felt like it was hot and he felt great fear.
From what I remember him talking about when I went on her show.
Folks, that's why I've told you I see it splitting.
And that's why people go, "Well, Brandon, don't you know which direction it's going to go?
" No, I see in part.
I don't see everything.
I only see what He lets me see.
So, it's like if people want me to just pull a prophetic word out of a hat and just say, "Well, I've got it.
Here it is," I don't have control over any of this.
Everything I see is by Him and by His hand and by His leading for us to pray.
And that's why I'm not a show pony, as I was talking about just a minute ago.
I'm not here for entertainment.
I give you a word from the Lord of what I feel, and my belief is what the Lord is telling us to pray about concerning this war.
Because I said if it kicks off, I saw a major draft coming to Canada, to America, and to Australia too, concerning a major war escalation there.
And I said it would be worse than what happened in World War II concerning Hitler.
Why?
Because I saw them sacrificing virgin people on an altar with a black dagger in Berlin.
And they were summoning in the spirit, conjuring up with witchcraft to bring forth the Hitler Antichrist spirit again coming out of Berlin with a weapon system.
And I said they're trying to bring forth the Antichrist and the peace and all the things in today's head.
But the Lord—I saw a three-year window to divide.
I saw Zelensky being taken out.
And this was the other side of it: splitting Ukraine up to Kyiv, waiting to give them that land, to give it to Putin for an act of peace with a proxy government, an established government coming in.
Now he's saying, "We'll have an election.
If you back me, I'll give up and give my position away if I lose.
" Like he's going to give a fair election.
That guy is a snake.
It's as bad as the Democrats cheating in 2020.
They want to divide.
"We'll have a fair election," baloney.
I saw a proxy government come in.
I saw a man who was an elder coming in and establishing it.
It would be pro-Russia, pro-Ukraine.
He was an elderly man.
But I saw a hundred million dollars on a plane, and I saw them trying to take this man out.
He was snorting coke and taking blue pills and he had prostitutes all around him.
And I know that we're called to pray, and it was a split in the road.
It was a very serious thing.
That's just what's happening in Europe, an escalation.
I saw Tomahawk missiles—I've warned you—and I saw them trying to bomb the Kremlin.
It was an escalation to poke the bear and Putin was livid.
But this is the same time when I saw that devil, the great Apollyon, spinning out of that pit and going around and influencing Putin, messing with his mind.
So, am I pro-Russia versus pro-Ukraine?
I'm for peace.
I want peace in this nation.
I want peace in all nations.
We want revival.
But we don't want war.
How are you going to have revival with everybody blowing each other up?
We've got to have a major revival.
We want a harvest of souls.
We want to see the greatest outpouring of the Spirit of God like we've never seen before.
And you aren't going to see bullets flying around.
I don't know how you're going to have a big revival with a bunch of bullets flying around.
How did it go in World War II?
Did we have the revival after World War II?
That's when Jack Coe and all of them, right?
When they all started coming on the scene after the war was over.
I don't remember; maybe it was before it.
I know that Smith Wigglesworth was before it, right whenever it was getting ready to start because, what's his name?
Holy Spirit, help me.
He's casting a devil out.
There you go.
Winner, winner, chicken dinner.
Whoever said it gets a surprise.
Thank you, Lester Sumrall.
That's who it was.
And he was right before the war took off.
So, with Lester Sumrall, I just have such a hunger for revival.
I have such a hunger and a passion for the things of God.
The Lord keeps talking to me about the second phase: healings coming from our ministry, deliverances, and another major phase—not just what we're doing, but God's about to expand our tent.
I just have such an anticipation for 2026.
I'm believing God.
It's like the prayer of Jabez that kind of was a big hit in the early 2000s and everybody's talking about, 'Oh, that you bless me indeed and increase my land, a large amount of territory that I cause no pain.
' Everybody was quoting that all the time.
The prayer of Jabez was the thing; it's like the dust got blown off of it and there was an anointing and the blessing was on it.
I'm telling you, it's time to enlarge your tent.
Father, that you bless me indeed and that you increase my land and enlarge my territory that I cause no pain.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that it is the same.
You're the same yesterday, today, and forever.
And God, you want revival more than what we do.
I'm praying that we've seen Jerome Powell come out today and say, 'We're going to lower it 25 more basis points.
It's going down, folks.
' And I said, 'Watch clear up into May.
' I said, 'Well, see in December,' and it happened.
Look, watch up until May.
Well, so that's not prophecy.
I said, 'Watch the woman.
I see this woman for some reason.
I don't know if she's going to take his job, but there's something about this woman with brown hair concerning the Fed.
' So, I'm praying about this woman.
You pray about it with me.
I'm not trying to call it out and say this is the woman that's going to be, but I see a brown-headed woman taking his job.
I'm just going to be real with you all.
Now, who is this woman?
I do not know.
She has brown hair.
And I'm praying about this lady in May.
What was that video right here?
What is this?
This is what you saw a pope doing like this.
Remember, play it.
'For what will you see?
A provoking of the bear for the bomb that I'm talking about.
' It's a two-way path: one goes this way and one goes this way.
This is World War II.
Okay.
This is a proxy government, taking out this guy and bringing in a new one and giving them the land, and it causes a diffusing for a regrouping, a retreat, versus provoking the bear and an acceleration of World War II.
And this involves the Scorpion.
Yeah, the Scorpion, Macron, the king of England, Italy, even the Vatican.
I see the Vatican.
I see the Pope involved in this.
Why is the Pope involved in this?
He's turned his face and he has his hands and he's talking; he's influencing.
The finances of the Catholic Church are in trouble.
They're trying to bring forth the younger generation to establish the Jack Apple Church again.
When I'm looking into this, it's about the money and the smoke coming from the chimney.
And this is where you need to pray over the Vatican.
I see smoke.
I see the smoke, but it's actual smoke.
It was a terrorist attack, some kind of lone wolf attack, but it was something...
and that's when the Lord kept telling us to pray about Christmas Eve Mass for the major Christmas Eve Mass.
Praying over that, praying over these major events that the church has.
I don't know how many times the Pope does Mass.
I don't know if he does it every week or if it's only on special occasions.
I'm not Catholic, but I think it's interesting because it's always revolving around a major shaking coming to the Catholic Church.
I saw revival breaking out with the youth for a brand new wave of the glory of God.
So, I think that's good for tonight with all this stuff.
Did you have anything else, son?
You mentioned Putin and the sides with Ukraine peace deal.
Trump sides with Putin, pushes Ukraine to accept peace deal.
This is what I saw.
Remember I saw them in an office in Anchorage and I saw them getting along because neither one of these men like Zelensky.
He is a social pariah.
He's snorting coke; the guy is off his rocker.
He's a puppet, a liar; he had a big long nose.
And not saying Putin's a good man, but he's easier to do business with, obviously, than Zelensky, who's a puppet of Macron.
And I saw him getting along with him.
And that's why they were coming up with a plan: how do we get rid of this bozo and bring peace?
Now, does Putin really want peace?
I think he does.
I truly don't think he wants to keep escalating this.
He's concerned about his country and the wealth like we all should be because their ruble...
the Russian economy is in trouble just like America's.
America's economy is...
who will be the top dog in the new AI race?
Who will be the new top dog concerning the finances of the world?
That's where we are right now.
Who's going to be the leader of the new digital CBDCs and all the major economic developments?
There you go.
Can you show that?
There it is right there.
That's what I saw in the vision.
My son made that.
You show him.
There's Macron with his little puppet.
You see him with the Pinocchio nose?
There he is, folks.
That's the spirit realm right there.
That is exactly what's happening.
But the Lord said, 'I'm cutting his strings.
I'm going to cut his strings and he won't be a puppet anymore.
' That's a powerful image right there.
We pray for Trump to have great discernment concerning the decisions he has to make this next year.
It's vital for the presidency because we must have a red wave in November of next year.
We must make sure we get the Senate and the House with a greater majority.
We do not want to lose any chairs.
And you know that reporter was all popping off.
'Well, you have all these people resigning and 20 people are giving up their chairs.
' Well, God's raising up better leaders.
Is the sky falling, Chicken Little?
Yeah, it would look that way.
But maybe, just maybe, I believe with all my heart that God's raising up better leaders to take their jobs.
We need to pray right now before we even get to the summer that we have great people run for these positions and that they would win by a landslide.
We don't know.
I know Nancy Pelosi is retiring, thank God.
But how many more?
It'd be amazing if Ilhan Omar or whatever would quit and anybody else.
It's like can we get a line?
Maybe Schumer will quit.
That would be wonderful.
But where one crooked politician leaves, God will bring in a righteous one to fill their position.
I truly believe that we have a window of opportunity for a reprieve right now, folks.
I'm believing God.
And people said, "Brandon, you said that you saw the economy crash and all these things taking place.
" I told you, "When it came to October of 2024, I went to the prayer conference at Sister Billy's, she asked me on a stage.
She said, 'Brandon, can we stop this?
We're going to intercede as a body today concerning what you've seen after the ear.
'" because I saw the economy, damn break.
I saw the economy fall in Trump's term with a massive plague coming.
And as he was interceding, I saw him fall to his knees.
I saw him get radically saved.
People say, "Well, Brandon, he's never gotten radically saved.
" I don't know where his heart is with the Lord.
Yeah, he drops F-bombs and he says things, but you don't know a man's heart just because he has things he's dealing with in his flesh.
How long did it take you to get better?
How long was the Lord patient with you?
If it's only been a year, my goodness, I can't even remember how I was in the first year of my salvation.
I was a knucklehead.
So I want to tell you, the Lord said be patient with the babies.
Just because he's in a high position of authority doesn't mean he's a mature adult Christian.
Every one of us has fallen short and sinned and fallen short of the glory of God.
So I don't know where he is with God and I'm not going to sit there and judge him.
Yeah, he may say some bad words, but babies do.
Baby Christians mess up a lot.
That's why they're called babies.
But adult Christians should have their act together a little bit more.
So if he's a baby Christian and he's getting around with the Lord and he's dealing with him, who am I to judge?
But I'm going to tell you this.
I pray for the man and I pray for what I saw.
I saw a man filled with the Holy Ghost and fire praying in the Oval Office and I was standing there with him.
I was skinnier in the vision, but it was me and the man I believe that I see in Miami.
And I'm telling you, by the spirit of God, I saw this.
And we were all praying in the Oval Office with the Holy Ghost and fire.
And the anointing of the Holy Ghost was in the office.
And I saw him weeping before the Lord in the vision after I saw his ear and all the things that happened.
And he was interceding.
And there was a darkness upon the land.
And I saw that gross darkness and the plague coming upon this land.
And many people were dead all around.
But as he was interceding and we were interceding and travailing in the Oval Office, I saw the glory of the Lord radiating out of there because the Lord said, "If my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways, then we would hear from heaven.
" He said he will heal our land.
And I saw that plague lift above the trees.
I saw blackness lift above the trees.
And that's what I saw in the vision.
But I saw a major economic crisis.
And the Lord said to me, Brandon, because the people prayed, because we prayed in October of 2024 at the prayer conference between the big prayer gathering that took place in Washington DC and Jonathan Cahn was there and these things, he said, "I've given you more time.
" An economic crisis worse than the Great Depression is what I saw coming.
So, we pray into it.
Now, I know there's a lot of other YouTubers that say, "Well, you know, Brandon, we believe the economy, we're in a great recession right now and we're about to go into a depression.
" But I saw Trump paddling in that thing and I saw a plan concerning crypto.
I saw a plan concerning the housing market and things like that.
That was a wave that was not a long-lived wave.
It was full of dollar signs and gold and crypto and as it was going, it was shallow but after it crashed it left a gold layer and that was a small layer that means it wasn't really much but the Lord said fill your pockets with it if you're listening to me the 1% will be taken care of for the storm that's coming.
So that's the things I've been praying over.
So like I said, I truly don't call myself a prophetic voice.
I don't get into titles and the weirdness of it.
There's too much prophet this, prophet that.
I just go, you can have all that.
I don't care about it.
I want to stand before him.
Whatever God calls me, I'll call myself.
I want him to be calling me his friend.
He don't call Prophet Brandon.
I want him to say, "Friend, how are you doing?
How's today?
" And I don't want it to always be doom and gloom that I bring on this.
But the Lord said, "I've called you to say the hard things and for you to call my people to pray.
Tell them, Brandon, what's coming.
Tell them the storms.
Tell them the stuff.
Pray.
We're in the end times.
We're in the labor pains.
As it was in the days of Noah, so will it be in the end, as labor pains upon a woman.
We're seeing all that, ladies and gentlemen.
He said, 'This is the beginning of sorrows.
' He keeps warning me over and over and over again.
Warn my people of what's coming.
Pray.
I believe we're the salt.
I believe we're the life of this earth, as the body of Christ.
And we have authority as believers.
I don't have my book from Sister Billy.
The Authority of the Believer.
It's all right.
Don't worry about it.
Does mama have it over on her nightstand?
I know where mine is.
Don't worry about it, buddy.
I need you here with me.
I'm just on a flow.
It's good.
Oh, it's right here.
There you go.
This book, The Authority of the Believer and how to use it.
Every believer needs to know their authority.
You must understand your authority and walk in Psalms 91 and Psalms 23 and know Ephesians, going over Ephesians.
Understand that we are seated with him in the heavenlies far above all principalities and powers.
You need to understand who you are.
I'm telling you, even I told the air conditioning guy, I said, 'Listen, the body of Christ is in trouble.
The world's in trouble if you don't understand who you are.
If you don't know how to walk in your authority, you must understand who you are.
Have a revelation of what God your God inside minded.
Christ in me the hope of glory, as he is so am I in this world.
So are we in this world.
We are not weak and powerless believers with the authority of the believer.
He dwells on the inside of us and we can do anything through his word.
Whatsoever things you desire when you pray, believe that you receive them and you'll have them.
Jesus said that.
And I just believe I'm a believing believer.
I'm not a doubter.
I'm a believing believer that walks in the authority of the believer.
That when I lay hands on the sick, they will recover.
The Bible says we can cast out devils.
We can raise the dead.
We can heal the sick.
We can whatever we need to do, we do it.
We don't crawl over mountains.
We speak to mountains.
The Bible says to speak to the mountain.
Your mountain needs to hear your voice.
You got to speak to the mountain till it be removed and be cast in the sea.
And if you shout out doubt in your heart, you shall have whatsoever things you say.
You must know your authority.
And I am learning the more I do these videos, the more the body of Christ has no idea who they are.
" I am realizing the people up in Maine, the people up in the Far East, far off, they're not being taught.
There's not a lot of word-based churches.
And that's why I'm so thankful our pastors are going and they go out and minister to these people and they take what we have at our church and they spread it.
They're cross-pollinating.
They're taking the fire and spreading it.
You have to spread the fire.
I encourage you to spread the fire wherever you go.
Be that light.
Be that salt.
When people see you, they have to see fruit.
We're in the day and the hour where we have to be fruity.
Bear much fruit for him.
Be salty for him.
What else are we here for?
We occupy until he comes.
So, I look for the rapture.
It's in my heart.
I'm excited about it, ladies and gentlemen.
But I occupy until he comes.
That's not my focus.
My focus is when I get an email from these people saying, "Brandon, I didn't know we had authority over the devil.
I didn't know.
" That's what we're here for.
I want iron to sharpen iron.
I want to be that person that you get that life from, that you come here and we're the oasis in the middle of a desert that you're able to say, "Hey, I can drink.
I'm so dry.
I'm so parched.
Can I have a fresh drink of water today?
" and then teach you how to get it yourself.
Be the oasis and teach the people how to get it themselves.
Brandon Biggs is not special.
Diana Biggs is not special.
We just are hungry and thirsty.
And when you seek him, you will find him.
When you knock, the door will be open unto you.
He said, "Seek me.
" He didn't say Brandon is the only one that's going to get this.
He is no respecter of persons.
And what he does for me, what he does for my wife, what he does for my kids, guess what he'll do for you.
And you need to be a believing believer that knows that God loves me.
God loves me.
It's not what he does, it's who he is.
God is love.
And if God so loved the world that whoever would believe in him should not perish but all could be saved and come to repentance by knowing Jesus Christ as our Lord and personal savior.
Paraphrase.
I just want you to know that Jesus loves you tonight.
Jesus has a plan for your life.
I want you to know that whosoever believes in him should not perish but all have everlasting life.
Are you a whosoever?
I just know I want to be that whosoever.
I want to be a believing believer that is a whosoever.
And I believe that tonight there's many of you that need to know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior.
I met a man, like I said, the air conditioning guy.
He said, "I lost faith because my grandma died and all these things hurting really bad.
" And the Lord had so much that I knew that I wanted to say, but I don't want to beat people over the head with the Bible every time you get around them, because I'm really bold about what I believe.
But I try to be sensitive of where people are and how they're able to receive.
You don't hit them with a fire hose.
Give them a drink.
You plant a seed.
Some plant, some water, and some bring forth the increase.
Maybe today was my day just to plant.
Maybe my day yesterday was just to plant.
But maybe it's somebody else's job that comes across to water.
And then somebody will bring forth the increase.
Not everybody's going to bring forth the increase.
Some people are just called to water.
Some people are just called to plant.
But I believe once the seed is there in the heart, it will bring forth much fruit if you pray over the seed.
I believe that God has a plan for every one of our lives.
And it's, "Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health even as your soul prospers.
" But not everybody is ready to receive the gospel at that moment.
And you weren't either at that time.
So I don't try to beat people up.
You just love on them.
So I know there's some people that come across you and say, "You're going to hell.
You need to do all this stuff.
" No, maybe that takes place sometimes.
But a lot of times it's just showing people love because they're hurting inside.
They're grieved.
They're hurting.
And in this case, I know the Lord showed me this man had been through heck.
Everybody has a story and everybody has war wounds.
And I want to tell you this, that's why I brought it up the other day.
There's dry times and you go through dry seasons and you feel inadequate.
But I want to tell you that even when Dee and I talk about it all the time, the inadequacy is just the thoughts of the natural man trying to derail you to make you feel that you're not able to talk for Jesus and help him.
But the only Jesus some people will see is the Jesus in you and the Jesus in me.
You have to be that Jesus for those people inside so that they see that Jesus in you.
My boss used to tell me all the time, "Brandon, preach the gospel and sometimes use words.
" I always just try to challenge you all to keep on keeping on.
Keep your head up.
Keep your smile on your face.
That's why I say it all the time: keep a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
You've got what it takes to make it.
You're a closer, and God put you in this earth for such a time as this.
He did not make a mistake by putting you here.
You have what it takes to get the job done.
You're a closer.
He saved the best for last.
We are the final generation, I believe, that will not taste death, that we will see the son of man coming for us.
Jesus Christ is coming.
And I shout it from the rooftops.
I shout it from the valleys.
I shout it all around.
Just like John the Baptist proclaimed before and all the others, I say Jesus is coming again and you need to repent and come to him.
So praise the Lord.
If he can use me, he can use anybody.
If you knew how much of a mess I was in that turned into a message—his mess into a message—I want to tell you this: if God can use Braden Biggs, if he can use Diana, he can use you.
And I say it again tonight.
Do not look down at yourself and think, "Well, I'm just this.
I'm just that.
" I was a janitor for 15 years.
And God said, "Brandon, I need you.
" And I said, "Okay, go on YouTube, tell my people I'm coming.
" I said, "Who's going to even watch me?
Nobody's even going to watch this channel.
Why am I wasting my time with this?
" I said, "I will do what you asked me to do.
" And the rest is history.
Three years ago, almost three years.
In 2026, it'll be three years.
All glory to Jesus.
Now do I see storms coming?
Yes.
Concerning 2026.
I took way too long, but I hope that you got something out of that.
You know, it's life and I want you to be successful.
Jesus has a plan for your life.
I won't pray for very long tonight.
I wanted to give that update because I want to make it public what I saw about the Vatican.
And I'll do another video tomorrow.
But I'll say a prayer for y'all.
We'll take communion.
It's still early, so we can pray for a little bit.
So, Father, I thank you for the body that was broken for us.
I thank you, Father, for all that you've done for us and my family.
And we thank you for this Christmas season.
Happy birthday, Jesus.
I know a lot of people say, "It's not your birthday.
I don't know your real birthday," and you never ever really have said.
But Father, I celebrate you any day of the week.
Any time of the year, it's your birthday to me.
I just want to tell you we love you and we just honor you and give you glory.
And as we had our Christmas party at the church tonight and had all the family there, all our church family, and all the people were eating and celebrating and playing games.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the lovely times.
Father, for the memories that you make with your kids and memories you make with your family, and all the beautiful days that we have on this earth.
There are many people that wish they could have been here today, but they went home today.
People went home prematurely.
They shouldn't have gone home today.
And there are some people that are griping; they don't want to be here and are ready to take their life because they're so depressed.
It's a mixed-up world, Father.
But all we know is we just want to be that light, that we can bring that hope to somebody's heart.
Thank you, Father, for all that you've done for us.
Thank you, Lord, for being healed and whole and well by your stripes.
Thank you, Father, that we don't have to have sickness and mental torment in our house.
Thank you, Lord, that you took all that on the cross for us.
Thank you, Lord, that during this beautiful Christmas season, we give you all the glory, honor, and praise.
And we thank you, Lord.
The greatest gift you could give us was your life.
'Greater love hath no man than a man that lays down his life for a friend.
' And Father, I thank you, Lord.
I thank you for the blood.
I thank you for the body.
We take it right now in Jesus' name.
We give you all the glory, honor, and praise.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood.
We apply the blood over us.
And Father, I plead the blood over my eyes.
Father, if there's anything you'd want to show me tonight—I don't know if you would, but if you do, Father—we're here.
We plead the blood of Jesus over our eyes, Father, uninterrupted, unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you speak through my vocal cords and you think through my mind.
None of me and all of you in the name of Jesus.
And I plead the blood, and I thank you, Lord.
Father, I thank you for the open doors of opportunity and for the blood that covers us in Jesus' mighty name.
We take the blood right now.
Thank you; forgive us of our sins.
Amen.
It's not religious; it's relationship.
So, all right.
So, does that make sense with everything I've said tonight?
I appreciate you all.
I truly do.
Thank you for always being so kind to my family.
There are so many people that have been so kind to us.
I will not be bought.
I will not change.
People worry about that all the time.
I'm dead to it.
I've been there and I know what it is to fear him.
No matter how much somebody tried to offer you money, try to seduce you with money, I cannot be bought.
And 90% chance I'd give it away here.
I don't want nothing changing.
I value his voice.
I value his presence in my home more than any kind of money that anybody could give me.
I value the friendship and that peace that I get whenever I come underneath that mantle.
And he smiles when I sing to him.
I value my marriage.
There's no woman with any kind of anything that could offer me anything.
I love my wife.
I love her with all my heart.
She is my friend.
Even in the midst of all that we've been through, we've walked through some storms together.
And we've grown closer together because of those storms than anybody can ever imagine.
We pray together.
We laugh together.
We cry together.
And there's no hussy that's ever going to be good enough for me.
I have the most beautiful woman, in my opinion.
Even without—it's not even a look thing, it's a heart thing.
And I speak highly of her because she truly is a treasure.
And I try to be so real.
I value these things.
And you know, with all the things that have happened in the last year with all the prophetic conferences people invite you to, I was invited tonight even to speak to 2,000 ministers twice and all from around the world.
They want to come and they want me to preach to them and tell them what's coming for 2026.
My first reaction is to say no.
You know, because they're coming from everywhere—huge ministers, big conferences full of big ministers, big names—and my first reaction says no.
Most people say, 'Yes, we'll pay for your hotel,' all the things to bless me.
And I go, 'Okay, there's something to pray about.
' But when you hear it, you feel that stirring on the inside of you.
You must tell them that they have to repent.
I'm like, these are ministers.
They must come closer to me.
Okay.
So, I guess I'll go to the conferences in 2026 as much as I do not want to go.
And I will tell the people what the Lord tells me to tell them.
So, I'll probably travel a lot in 2026, and I am not really excited about it.
It's like I'm like, 'No, I hate being on an airplane.
I want to stay where I'm at right here on my little sofa with a green screen.
' And I'll pray for you: 'Jesus, touch them.
' But I'm like, if you want me to go and stand in front of all these people, I will.
It's why I sit on the back row at my church, and it's a little church.
I try to be open with y'all.
I know this is kind of a weird video, but it's just my heart.
I get tired of pushing in the river with y'all because there's a lot of spiritual warfare that comes behind this camera.
It's not like that off the stage, but when I come over here, I go some nights I'm just like...
So, any questions?
Anything?
I don't know.
If not, I'll pray for y'all, but I'm going to go.
I need a break tonight.
After I had all that on me and that was all talked to me today, I was tired.
Okay, God.
And then I gave the word yesterday and I prayed for y'all.
I had a lot going on.
Nothing—I mean earlier I saw him saying it was like the veins, but it's the same thing as you said, the firework though.
Veins in the leg.
Spider veins.
Oh yeah, the spider veins.
Like spider veins.
Fireworks.
Same thing.
That's what I saw.
Spider veins.
Yeah.
And then you said you saw it going into Philippines and everywhere, went to South America.
All 5,000 of you have mercy on me.
The tent revivals are coming back.
Oh Lord, have mercy.
I'm telling you.
brush arbor Churches.
Oh, Father, I look for him every day.
Thank you, Father.
Father, we just lift up the time before you and we thank you, Lord, for every person that's represented here tonight.
I call them healed and whole and well in the mighty name of Jesus.
I thank you, Father, that there's an expiration date to their issues.
That, Father, you touch them from the top of their head to the soles of their feet, Father, that they lack no good thing.
And Father, that they would get a Christmas miracle.
I believe that you're the miracle-working God and that you're able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
I thank you, Father, for their breakthrough, for their unsaved loved ones, that every person that's represented here tonight, if you're believing for an unsaved loved one, I attach my faith with yours, that, Father, they are coming to Jesus in the name of Jesus.
That this is the end of the year and you'll have your Christmas miracle for your unsaved loved one to come to the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ.
That Father, Satan takes his hands off of the eyes of the unbeliever.
We say in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, they are free, and for whom the son has set free is free indeed.
We call them delivered in Jesus' name.
We call them set free in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that they have eyes to see and ears to hear what the spirit of the Lord is saying in this time and season.
Father, that every person that's believing for an unsaved loved one right now in the name of Jesus, the expiration date to that miracle is coming to pass tonight.
And even as they sleep in the midnight hour, we call forth angelic hosts to war on our behalf right now in the name of Jesus.
And we snatch them out of the pit of hell.
And we say in the name of Jesus, they are believers filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost for such a time as this.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're bringing in the harvest right now in Jesus' name.
From the north, the south, the east, and the west, we call in the billions of souls into the kingdom of God all throughout America, all throughout Asia, all throughout South America, all throughout Europe, and all throughout Africa, in the name of Jesus, in the Middle East.
We call them in, in Jesus' name.
For we thank you, Father, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Now, Father, I thank you, Lord, for the finances to get the job done.
We say in the name of Jesus: money, come in Jesus' name!
We call it in from the north, the south, the east, and the west.
We call in witty ideas and creative ideas to get it.
We say that everything we put our hands to will prosper.
We say in the name of Jesus that we are anointed to prosper, and we speak to the mountain of debt.
We speak to the mountain of lack and we say, 'Be thou removed and be thou cast into the sea' in the name of Jesus, and we call in the money to come forth in Jesus' name.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for we are the children of the most high God.
And I thank you, Lord, that whatever we put our hands to is prospering.
And we say that this is the time of the greatest overflow, that our cup runneth over and we lack no good thing.
This is the time that we have more than enough to give to the kingdom of God and promote the gospel throughout the whole world.
I thank you.
You said in your word that you would give us the desires of our hearts.
And I thank you, Father, you gave us those desires that we will have.
We are the head and not the tail.
We are above and not beneath.
We'll go through and will not go under.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that we're called to the kingdom for such a time as this.
And it's not to be broke, busted, and disgusted.
We call in the money in Jesus' name.
Whatever we lack, we will lack no good thing.
And I thank you, Father, that you provide for us the way you do, that we have the character to handle it, and that it will not destroy us.
Father, the finances and the overflow will not be a snare to us.
We don't love money, but we love you.
We keep our eyes focused on you.
And Father, I call it in in the name of Jesus.
I thank you, Father, that you are our great Jehovah Jireh, you're El Elyon, the most high God.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're moving those mountains as we speak to them: 'Be thou cast into the sea.
' We don't doubt in our heart because we have whatsoever things we say.
We believe, Father, that you're the mountain-moving God.
I thank you, Father, that there's more than enough in every single person that's represented here tonight.
Father, they have more than enough to be able to have fun and enjoy life and have it more abundantly and to the extreme where it overflows.
They will not lack any good thing.
All their Christmas needs are met.
They're able to bless their children and their grandchildren and their children's children.
And Father, they're able to help those that are around them in church that are in lack.
I thank you, Father, that we have an abundant supply to have our hearts' desires.
That you, Father, fill those hearts' desires exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
And Father, we back it up with scripture.
I thank you, Lord, for the scripture.
You have to know what you're standing on, and this is what you've got to find.
You find it in the word right here.
Always I go to my number one.
You've got to say it.
You've got to let your mountain hear your voice, but you've got to have scripture to back it: 'Whatsoever things you desire when you pray, believe that you receive them, and you shall have them.
' All right?
But if ye abide in me and my words abide in you, you shall ask what you will, and it shall be done.
But you have to have the word backing it.
You've got to have the word backing your prayer.
So, we use this one: Deuteronomy 28:4.
I'm going to read it to you.
This is in the King James Version, which is usually the go-to for a lot of y'all.
'Blessed shall be thy fruit of thy body, and the fruit of thy ground, and the fruit of thy cattle, and the increase of thy kine, and the flocks of thy sheep.
' So, you've got to modernize it because we don't have all that now.
We don't have sheep and cattle and all that—some of us do who are farmers—but whatever you have: blessed shall be your eBay store or your Poshmark store or whatever you sell, whatever you do.
'Blessed shall be the basket and the store, and blessed shalt thou be when thou comest in, and blessed shalt thou be when thou goest out.
The Lord shall cause thy enemies that rise up against thee to be smitten before thy face; they shall come out against thee one way, and flee before thee seven ways.
The Lord shall command the blessing upon thy house and thy storehouse and in all that thou settest thy hand unto.
And he shall bless thee in the land which the Lord thy God giveth thee.
' I'm going to have a storehouse.
That means my bank account.
It's going to be overflow; it's not going to be in the negative.
You go in there and you're overdrawn and the checks are bouncing because you wrote a hot check because you're trying to pay your bill and you say, 'Well, I don't know.
Oh, I've got to pay my overdraft fees.
' No.
'The Lord shall command a blessing upon thee and thy storehouse.
' That's your bank account.
'And in all that thou settest thy hand unto.
' That's your job.
You're the best person at that job.
I'm...
that's what Pastor Chip said: I'm anointed to do eBay, to do Poshmark, to do YouTube in a way that the world is not familiar with, all to the glory of God.
And all that you do, in word and in deed, do all to the glory of God.
'And the Lord shall command a blessing upon thee in thy storehouse, and in all that thou settest thy hand unto.
And he shall bless thee in the land which the Lord thy God giveth thee.
The Lord shall establish thee as his holy people.
' Woo, that's something right there.
The Lord shall establish you.
It means you're established.
You aren't bowing down and doing all kinds of things.
We will not bow.
We will not bend.
We're established.
He has established his holy people unto himself as he has sworn unto thee.
'If thou shalt keep the commandments of the Lord thy God, and walk in his ways, and all the people of the earth'—all the heathens, all the unsaved—'they're going to see that thou art called by the name of the Lord, and they shall be afraid of thee.
' They're not afraid like scared of you, but they're looking at you going, 'There's a fear of God on you,' because they see the glory on you because you're called by the name and the presence of the Lord.
The presence goes before you.
That means favor is following you.
Because when the presence of God is there, favor's there.
When the presence of God is there, it makes them tremble.
Because why?
Because it's not you; it's Christ in you.
Nobody's afraid of me, but the glory of God inside of me, the glory of God inside of you.
You have what it takes because he anoints you.
'So all the people of the earth shall see that thou art called by the name of the Lord.
' They're going to see it.
They're going to go, 'Man, there's something different about you.
' Even Sister Clipboard and the Lord.
'And they shall be afraid of thee.
' They see the fear of God on you.
'And the Lord shall make thee plenteous in goods.
' Plenteous, not just a little bit.
'plenteous in goods and the fruit of thy body.
' That means you've got a lot of kids.
I heard somebody today say, 'I've believed God for five kids.
I want Brandon, I want five kids.
' I thought, 'Wow, that's awesome.
You want five kids?
I want 12 kids.
' Wow.
I'm like, 'Wow, that's a lot.
' But you know what?
If that's where your heart's at and you want to have a bunch, be a baby-maker and homemaker.
That's amazing.
Do it.
And the Lord shall make thee plenteous in goods, in the fruit of thy body, and the fruit of thy cattle.
We don't have cattle, so what is it going to be?
The fruit of thy cattle means the fruit of whatever you're doing.
I used to say puppies because we raised puppies—the fruit of thy puppies—and in the fruit of thy ground and the land which the Lord swore to your fathers to give you.
So I'm believing for inheritances.
I'm believing for overflow.
The Lord shall open to thee his good treasure, the heavens to give the rain unto your land in season and to bless all the work of thy hands.
And thou shalt lend unto many nations and thou shalt not borrow.
Now I'm going to tell you this: that was hard for me to swallow.
To lend unto many nations and you won't borrow?
That means you're banking.
What does it take for Elon?
Could Elon lend to nations as rich as he is?
Could he say, 'I want to write a check to a nation'?
I'm sure he could.
But would it be enough that it wouldn't make him go broke if he did it too many times?
I don't know.
Deuteronomy says, 'The Lord shall open unto you his good treasure, the heavens to give the rain unto your land in season, and bless all the work of thy hand, and thou shalt lend unto many nations, and thou shalt not borrow.
And the Lord shall make thee the head and not the tail; and thou shalt be above only, and thou shalt not be beneath, if thou hearken to the commandments of the Lord thy God which I have commanded this day, to observe and to do them all.
' He's worth 491 billion, so I don't even know if Elon Musk could lend to many nations.
I think he probably could lend to one—probably a little small island or something—and they'd be like, 'Thanks, Elon,' but other than that, it wouldn't be many nations.
But I'm just trying to tell you all, that's what the Word of God says.
Are any of us even walking close to that?
Not very many, if there is anybody.
I mean, even the Greens that I knew, who were rich from Hobby Lobby and Mardel, they couldn't do it.
And they were rich; they had their own private planes and everything.
I knew the person that flew for them.
But what I'm trying to tell you is that God is a surplus God.
He's a more than enough God.
And we're believing just for our kids' Christmas presents, most of you.
You know what I'm saying?
God wants you to have everything in abundance.
God wants you to live a good life.
We're His kids.
And if we, being evil, give good gifts to our children, how much more does our Heavenly Father give good gifts to those that love Him?
That's Matthew, I believe.
Or Mark, but I believe it's Matthew.
So that's just how big our God is.
If we, being evil, give good gifts to our children, how much more does our Heavenly Father give good gifts to those that love Him?
He wants to give you abundance.
He wants you to live.
But there's so much corruption in this stuff and you get all upset about it.
We don't want to talk about it.
But there's so many of you dealing in lack and you're like, 'Brandon, just tell me about crypto.
Please tell me the five pillars.
' The five pillars are not a lottery ticket.
What I'm telling you is diligence.
'Give, and it shall be given unto you; good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over, shall men give into your bosom.
' It's all a requirement of giving, a requirement of seedtime and harvest—30, 60, 100-fold.
It's all talking about seedtime and harvest.
But the body of Christ doesn't want to talk about it.
We throw it away.
'Oh, we don't want to talk about it because the love of money is the root of all evil.
' But most of you can't even make your rent.
Most of you can't pay your car payment and the repo man is coming.
How much can we be a light to those around us if we have a little extra to be able to say, 'Listen, you need some help for your bill, sir?
I got it in my account.
Let me help you out.
I want to tell you about Jesus this holiday season.
You don't have Christmas for your kids?
Let me give you a couple extra hundred dollars here, and you can bless your kids, and let me show you about Jesus and how much He loves you'?
But most of us in the body of Christ are going, 'Man, I don't know.
I don't want to talk about the prosperity gospel.
' I'm upset because we see somebody have a big old house in Louisiana or wherever and you get upset about it, but you don't know the seeds they sowed to get it.
You don't know what they had to get it, and most people persecute them because they have it.
But I'm going to tell you this: the Bible works.
The Word will work if you work it.
And I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, I'm a believer that believes in Deuteronomy 28.
People get upset at me about that.
I don't care.
I'm believing God that He's going to give me a creative idea to get wealth, and that XRP and these things that I'm praying over will take off like a rocket in the days ahead.
It's my opinion and I'm believing for it.
Not financial advice—I have to say it every time.
I just believe in this end-time wealth transfer.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for every single person here.
I bless them.
I bless their marriages.
I thank You, Father, that You're the God who restores what the cankerworm has eaten.
That their marriages will be good; their love life will be even better.
That they'll dance and have fun as a married couple.
They'll sing songs together, hold hands, walk in the park, go look at the lake, feed the ducks—whatever it takes to make their marriage happy again.
Go on a date, make things spicy.
Let's have a good marriage.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that You restore back and that You want our marriages to be happy.
You want our children to see that mommy and daddy love each other, that there's not bickering and strife in the home.
Instead of walking around asking if mommy and daddy are going to get a divorce, they see mommy and daddy and go, 'I want to mirror my marriage after mommy and daddy because they're my heroes.
I love the Jesus in them.
' You display Jesus to your children through how you act, by treating each other well.
How much do you show your wife love, sir?
How much do you honor your husbands, wives?
Do you love them?
Do you honor them?
Do you treat them with respect?
Do you hold their hands?
Do you act like you're dating still?
Or has it become dry, and you wake up and don't even want to lie next to them in the bed?
You sit on the couch, and you're on one end and the other's on the other end.
You're watching TV together and you don't even know they're in the room.
Your love life is stagnant.
Your marriage bed is dried and old.
It's time to renew the flame that you once had.
Renew the flame in your marriages.
Make marriage great again.
And those that are believing for a spouse: make your list.
Write the vision down and make it plain.
Take it to God with communion and tell the Lord, 'I'm believing God for a spouse.
I want a godly man.
I want a godly woman.
' And in 2026, Father, I thank You that You're bringing my Esther, or my Boaz, or whatever I'm believing for.
Try to always bring a Bible character into it.
I don't know.
Believe God.
Write the vision down.
I'm believing for a brown-eyed, brown-haired, porcelain-skinned woman.
I don't know.
Whatever you're believing for, I'm believing God for a man that will provide, will have a job, be steady, and not be a lazy sack of potatoes sitting on the couch and not wanting to help provide for me—one who will get off his lazy butt and go get a job.
I believe for a man that will provide and help out around the house, who will help me do laundry and tell me I'm pretty every once in a while.
My man's going to turn around and stop being some booze-sipping, porn-looking, whatever he's doing.
Bad man.
I'm believing God for a man that's going to be faithful to me with his eyes and faithful in taking me to church on Sundays.
Believe God, ladies.
Believe God.
Men, I'm believing God my wife will cook me dinner.
I'm believing God for this.
I'm believing for that.
I don't know what you want in a woman; I have what I'm believing for.
Everybody has a heart's desire for something.
But don't complain about the 80% that you do have and complain about the 20% that you don't.
The grass isn't greener on the other side.
She doesn't meet all my needs?
There's nobody 100%.
I don't care who you are.
There's no woman that's ever going to be 100% of what you're looking for.
I've never seen it.
There's not a man that's 100%.
So, don't be too picky with what you have in front of you.
Well, he does have a potbelly.
I was hoping for a six-pack, but he meets all the other criteria.
Well, are you the hundred percent?
Probably not, sister clipboard.
You're probably not, just being real with you.
Your breath stinks when you wake up too, just like his.
But you've got to be real with folks.
And I'm thinking it's sad about some of these people that say, 'I'm single.
I'm believing God for a perfect man.
' Well, good luck.
I saw a sign that had a skeleton on a park bench and she had a sign in her hands that said, 'I'm waiting for a perfect man.
' She'd been waiting for a long time and you aren't going to find him.
She died waiting.
But believe God for big.
Don't settle.
Believe God for big and don't be unequally yoked.
Don't find somebody that is unequally yoked and not saved and then say, 'I want to get him saved and then we're going to get married and we're going to have a happy life together.
' No, you're in trouble.
The Bible says, 'Do not be unequally yoked with unbelievers.
' Find you a believing believer and don't settle for an unbeliever and say, 'Well, I'm going to get him saved after he gets here,' or, 'I'm going to get her saved.
' Boy, she's fine.
Boy, she's fine.
We're going to get her saved.
We'll take her to church and she's going to get baptized in the Holy Ghost.
And guess what?
She's a Jezebel.
Don't settle for a Jezebel that's going to take you down.
Because the Lord said, 'Many of my men of God have married Jezebels and they've attached their neck to a rock, and they'll never take off like a rocket as they should because they married a Jezebel.
' I don't know why I'm saying all this, but it's for somebody.
Believe God in 2026.
Write your vision down.
What are you believing for?
Have your list, top five.
'Lord, I'm believing for a new house.
I'm believing for a new car.
' Like Diana and I, we believe for a car.
Write down your vision.
'Father, I call this car.
I'm believing for this car.
I want a brand-new SUV, white, black, whatever.
' Have your list down and put the vision down.
Write it down and put scripture behind it.
Sew a seed at the church.
If you have a need, sew a seed.
Take your seed to the church and do that and continue, and then believe and use scripture.
Put it on the mirror.
Keep the vision.
I drive around and look for vision.
I put it inside of me.
And the bigger that vision gets on the inside of me, the more it changes me.
You have to have an inward image of it.
So there you go.
Does it help anybody?
Maybe it does, maybe it doesn't.
But you've got to have a vision for something.
If you're believing God for a vision...
I prayed for these people down in Chile, South America somewhere.
They needed a medical business.
I prayed over that for them.
They were a blessing to us.
Was it Brazil or something?
A Brazil medical center.
And it was a wall.
My goodness.
We prayed for that over a year and they finally got their breakthrough.
It's a surgery center and the government was coming against them and the Lord had me intercede for that.
I prayed for that breakthrough because they're going to be a blessing to this surgical center and prayed for their daughter not to have seizures anymore.
They had to start with something and they believed God.
They set their faith out there to believe for it and God came through.
Now they're going to help people with all this stuff.
I believe they're a blessing to ministries.
I know that it's not always to hoard up for ourselves.
We're helping people.
So that's what I try to tell you and encourage you: believe God for big, but not just believe God that you can have a Dodge Viper or a Corvette or whatever you want.
Believe God for that and believe God for extra, for more.
It's not wrong to have good things, but as long as the things don't have you.
That's what I do at the beginning of every year.
I believe God for a vacation.
So I sew my seed and believe God for a vacation.
Where do you want to go?
You may not make it there that year.
'I'm believing God to go to Hawaii.
' Let's go to Hawaii.
Let's believe God for big.
So you sew your seed at the church, maybe 25 or 30 bucks.
You believe God for extra money.
You say, 'Hey, let's believe God.
We got one plane ticket.
We may have a hotel room for a day.
' You start somewhere.
You may make it to California and that might be fun, but one day you make it to Hawaii.
You've got to start where your faith's at.
I talked to a young man today about air conditioning.
I told him, 'You've got to learn how to believe God for $5 before you can believe God for a million.
' And most people's faith is just at the $5.
Don't be weary in well-doing and don't look at small beginnings as bad.
You've got to start somewhere.
Believe God for a dollar and say, 'God, I thank you for that dollar.
' It's a consecutive dollar every single day.
You might have $30 at the end of the month.
And you go, 'Well, glory to God.
I got my $30.
You provided for me.
' At least you started somewhere.
Don't despise small beginnings.
Be faithful with little and He'll make you ruler over much.
I believe it.
But start somewhere, whether it's a bicycle or a brand-new truck.
So, that's my two cents.
It's all word-based.
It's not just me.
I'm tired, so I'm going to go.
I think that's good enough tonight.
What do you think?
It's a different kind of video, but that's just where I was tonight after the Christmas party.
I appreciate y'all praying for me.
We'll be back again tomorrow and we'll make another video for you.
As always, I know it's late.
God bless you all.
If you could like, subscribe, click the notification bell, and click the thumbs-up button—all the things you can do to help me.
We'll see what the Lord shows us next time.
We appreciate you.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you again tomorrow.
Bye-bye.